[2024Q4] Simon Says (#1742)
rolling-scopes-school/tasks: stage1/tasks/simon-says/README.md

- The sequence is **randomly generated** for each new round according to the selected level of difficulty, meaning a **completely new** combination is created each time the user clicks the “Next” button. The sequence length increases by two symbols each round without simply appending new symbols to the previous sequence. Just adding two new symbols to the previous sequence **is not allowed**.
- Upon successfully completing the 5th round, feedback is provided (through a message, sound, or visual cue) to indicate that the game is over, and the “Repeat the sequence” button, if still enabled, becomes disabled.
- The user can play again by clicking the “New game” button, which restarts the game from the **initial game screen** _(see "Initial game screen" section above for details)_. The preselected level of difficulty should be the same as in the last game (e.g., if the last choice was “Medium”, this option is preselected by default).

### Main functional requirements

- Initially, `body` in the index.html file should be empty (only script tag is allowed).
- All necessary elements must be generated using `createElement()` function. No `html` injection is allowed.

> - The design is **adaptive (or responsive)**, that includes desktop(1440px <= width), tablet(768px <= width < 1440px) and mobile(360px <= width < 768px). When switching between versions everything must be displayed correctly, all functionality must be present, no content must disappear or be left beyond the screen.

Reviewer: Do you think a more specific phrasing with `resize` instead of `switch between versions` could be beneficial and more clear?
```suggestion
- The design is **adaptive (or responsive)**, that includes desktop(1440px <= width), tablet(768px <= width < 1440px) and mobile(360px <= width < 768px). When resizing, all elements adjust proportionally without abrupt switching, ensuring correct display, full functionality, and no hidden or off-screen content.
```

Author: Replaced as suggested.

- [ ] There is clear feedback after each answer, whether correct or incorrect. Feedback for an incorrect answer appears immediately after the first incorrectly clicked or pressed key, while feedback for a correct answer is displayed after the entire sequence has been repeated correctly.: `+5`
- [ ] Upon a correct answer, the “Repeat the Sequence” button is replaced with a “Next” button to proceed to the following round: `+5`
- [ ] Clicking the “Next” button starts the next round with a new, randomly generated sequence that is two symbols longer than the previous one. The "Next" button is replaced by the "Repeat the sequence" button: `+5`
- [ ] After successfully completing the 5th round, there is final feedback indicating the game is over and the “Repeat the sequence” button, if still enabled, becomes disabled: `+5`
- [ ] The user’s last chosen difficulty level is saved and preselected by default when the user starts a new game: `+5`
- [ ] The app is supported at the requested width (desktop _1440px <= width_, tablet _768px <= width < 1440px_ and mobile _360px <= width < 768px_) (e.g., no DOM elements overlap, disappear, etc.):: `+10`

## Penalties

> - Unexpected errors in the console (the deduction is only allowed once for each distinct kind of error): `-10 per error`

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should mention that some errors in console may occur due to installed extensions in the browser or antiviruses. And that students should make sure that these errors are not caused by this but by the application itself?
I remember arguments over such errors in the console in the past

Author: Done

- More than one key at a time is highlighted when guessing the sequence or more than one key is processed at a time: `-10`
- The symbols that are not part of the current difficulty level are not ignored: `-20`
- Upper and lower case letters are not treated as the same symbol: `-20`
- Once the answer is detected as correct or incorrect, the application still handles new user input on virtual or physical keyboards: `-20`
- Hiding and displaying additional elements cause the main elements to shift or move: `-20`
- The sequence is not **randomly generated** for each new round and/or the two new symbols are simply added to the previous sequence: `-50`
- `window.location.reload` is used to restart the game when it's over: `-50`
- The application is not done **in English**: `-150`
- Anything mentioned as **not allowed** in the 'Technical requirements' section is used: `-150`
- `body` in the `index.html` is not empty (can contain only `script` tag). _This requirement can be checked by pressing `Ctrl+U` (Windows) or `Option(⌥)+Command(⌘)+U` (Mac)_: `-150`

> - Not all elements elements are generated using `createElement()` function or JS code is minified, not allowing to check this requirement: `-150`

Reviewer 2: > Not all ~~elements~~ elements

Author: Done
